# User Contributed Examples

For a while now, I've been trying to figure out how to nicely accept people's
examples while at the same time keeping my repository slim for me.  The original
intent of this repository is for my day to day Jenkins operations and
consulting.  However, I don't want user-contributed examples to go to waste for
those who want it.

# Contributing scripts

**Please only contribute scripts in which you wrote yourself**.  It's fine if
your script is based on my script or others as long as the script you made is
your own.

# I may make changes

Since I consider scripts contributed as an educational exercise (for myself and
others), I may make changes to scripts in order to change their code style or to
present the same logic in a more groovy-native way.  The purpose of me making
this changes is to help the author learn groovy better.

# Untested warning

None of these scripts have been tested by me.  Even if I make modifications I
don't generally test them.  These are purely educational examples and may not
work out of the box.  I may make fixes myself if there are obvious bugs or I
will accept contributions for licensed scripts.

# License warning

Source code in this directory **does not** fall under my personal [MIT
License](../LICENSE.txt).

If a script does not have a license header, then I will only accept
contributions to said script from the original author.

None of this code comes with any kind of license or warranty unless the
contributor provided it.  I am merely accepting code from excited contributors
who would like to add to the knowledge base of these scripts.

# Scripts with missing licenses

If you would like to add your own license to your script so that others are free
to copy/modify your code, then feel free to open a pull request to your own
script.

> Please note: I will only accept pull requests for license changes from the
> original author of the contributed script.  I define the original author as
> someone who first opened the pull request and I assume they have the rights to
> license their own code.
